Name: Junyue Wang

Umail: junyue00@ucsb.edu


1. (1 pt) If the following statement were in a C++ program, what would it do?  
    <div style="margin-bottom:0.5em"></div>
cout >> "I love oranges and apples";

error: no match for 'operator >>' when compiling, cout follows cout <<
  <div style="margin-bottom:3em"></div>

2.	(1 pt) If the following statement were in a C++ program, what would it do?
  <div style="margin-bottom:1em"></div>
cout << "The world goes round and round"

error: expected ';' when compiling, need ';' at the end
  <div style="margin-bottom:3em"></div>

3.  (4 pts) Show 2 different ways to declare and initialize variables in C++? You may use multiple statements.

int minimum = 0

int minimum(0)
  <div style="margin-bottom:4em"></div>

4.  (2 pts) Is this variable declaration statement in C++ a good one? Why or why not?
<div markdown="1">
`double float=30;`
</div>

No. Double and float are two different data types. The general rule requires that we cannot place a value of one type in a variable of another type.
  <div style="margin-bottom:3em"></div>


5.  (4 pts) Explain via an example what a "type mismatch" is. Also explain how compilers handle C++ statements that have a type mismatch?

int sushi = "cheese" 

Error: invalid conversion from ‘const char*’ to ‘int’

  <div style="margin-bottom:4em"></div>

 <div class="pagebreak"></div>
<div style="margin-bottom:4em"></div>
6.  (4 pts) Write an if-else statement that outputs the string "Grade is B" if the variable `score` is between 80 and 90 (both limits included). Otherwise the if-else statement should output "Grade is not B" ?

if (score >= 80 && score <= 90){cout << "Grade is B \n";}

else{cout <<"Grade is not B \n";}

<div style="margin-bottom:8em"></div>



7.  (4 pts) The program below intends to do the following: Repeatedly prompt the user to input an integer number. When the user no longer wants to continue entering numbers, output the sum of all the positive numbers entered by the user followed by the sum of all the negative numbers entered by the user. However, the given program has errors. Mark all logical and syntax errors in the program and provide corrections in the space provided to the right. Add missing statements if any.

#include (iostream)

(missing : #include (string) \n  
           using namespace std;)

int main(){

    int a , sumPositive, sumNegative;
    
    (missing: sumPositive = 0;
              sumNegative = 0;)

    string promptContinue ="\nTo continue enter Y/y\n";

    string promptNum = "\nEnter a number: ";

    char response;

    while (response = 'y'||`Y') {  (replace: while (responce == 'y'||'Y'))

       cout << promptNum;

       cin >> a;

       if(a)   (replace if(a >=0) )
          sumPositive+=a;

       else
          sumNegative+=a;

       cout<< promptContinue;



    }

    cout<< "Sum of all the positive numbers is: "<< sumPositive<<endl;

    cout<< "Sum of all the negative numbers is: "<< sumNegative<<endl;

    return 0;
}



8.  (4 pts) What is the output of the following C++ statements? EXPLAIN WHY.
   
int x=20, y=5;
bool v, w;
v = (x != y);
w = ((x/=y) == 4);
cout << x << " " <<y << " "<< v << " "<< w << endl;


The output is 4511

since x is not equal to y, v is true. In other words, v = 1

since x /= y means x = x/y is 4, w is true. In other words, w = 1

Right now, x = 4, y = 5, v = 1, w = 1,

The output would be 4511
